I'll kill you.
Boss, don't stop it.
Don't be impulsive ha ha
It's just bullying.
It's blocking.
She said she flirted with a lot of women in front of her sister-in-law.
Who can not be angry?
Today is the birthday of the Shen Lang brothers.
You two take a step back.
Come on, what the hell are you pretending to do?
This bitch's been poor lately.
What good product are you?
I'm afraid I've already started with him.
Let him pretend you heard what you said.
What?
You didn't just praise him once, afraid you'd wanted him for a long time.
Ah.
Big strong
Don't charge.
Big.
Tran Tinh, the project of our three brothers in Van Hai has just come up.
As long as you succeed, you can definitely sit firmly and hard to remove the foot guide.
If you want to die, find someone.
Don't delay me making money with you.
Don t you dare to touch my brother and not even dare to touch you?
I will kill you today and not come.
Don't fight.
Big trick sneaking devil
Don't stop me.
Save the Great Head.
So it's you.